# hello-world
Always learn bottom up. Top down is for minds, that are confined.
My name is Adam, i studied, C, C+, C++, C#, some JAVA, some AIML, and other cool things i love to mess around with.  Ive never been like most coders.  I dont fit into that mold because im not one, i am one, but im not, as in thats not what my primary source of income is right now.  I like to think of myself as a hypothetical coder, i pride myself on my abstract thinking, and finding a path to a solution, that may have appeared impossible; but most of us in this particular part of the internet know, nothing is impossible, lack of imagination is a coders worst nightmare, doubt is his second.  I may go into a project with only fundemental knowledge of a certain style of coding, and pick it up as i go along, im a strangely fast learner, so i dont mind new things.  Patience is key to me, you can make a flow chart and map out your path to a program, or you can just wing it and go full force, i choose patience, and first understand exactly what it is im doing, then i use my brain instead of the keyboard to reach a logical solution, and put that into work via code; whatever that code may be.  Im not a master coder, im not the creator of some billion dollar company, im just someone whos been taking apart, and building computers since i was 13, and being born in the 90's i had the distinct pleasure of watching as coding, computing, software, hardware, and gaming evolved.  What a sight it was.  Growing up, using a cd player instead of an iphone (i remember seeing the gen 1 Ipod, that big bulky masterpiece, at the time lol.); i remember begging my mom for a beeper when i was in high school lol.  I remember when my dad got his first company cell phone, which at that time, was something new to everyone.  The screen was green, and everything kind of looked like a command prompt with a green background lol.  I watched VCR's and taped my favorite shows, now we DVR what we want, or we just watch it online ;) lol.  So what am i, i am part of the information age generation.  The group of humans, who were lucky enough to be born at a point in time, where we were able to see the growth of handheld tech and coding, and to be able to understand it; because in the beginning, new things didnt come as quick as they do now, so we had time to digest the tech, i remember running a 1GB memory desktop thinking "OMG THIS THING HAS A FULL GIG OF RAM THIS IS AMAZING", at that time i was a counter-strike and starcraft junkie lol, but that was the good old days.  Now we have memory sticks that are 2, 4, 8, 16, and even 32 G, its pretty amazing for me, because i remember, when having one 512 stick, was good enough lmao, those days.  So yah im a bit nostalgic, but i love this stuff, and my passion for learning shines bright.  Ill never stop trying the impossible, if i did... what would be the point?
